was ever surprised talking like this to
who the breast baby is who in the
guagua de mama and who in that hole
quincenita patita your pet
he told me that I do not always like him
talk to your pet imagining a day not
he responds as he did the day without his
mom all day take care of the house
There are people who buy a small dog for
Take care of the house and leave the dog
The dog
after entering the whole house I was
I bought this dog house
that puts a pet in a fish
and so dance if you see it
how would I get it to empty the mix I'm not going
to know what your mood is like
like you can not even move the
colita nothing if logical as it was one day
the turtles are finally assumed
from the beginning that they are forming and
hide under the earth
turtles are the ideal pet for
grandparents because adolescence we're going
Take her out for a walk and walk to the same
rhythm
there are people who have ground hedgehogs
pets like listening to them in love
or who play with a hedgehog like that
throwing the ball bursts
He showed me a hedgehog in the hills
it seemed like a squirrel that they are
doing with frames
I said to our pets
we teach them to be pure stupidities
from the hand
we have a parrot we say tell you it was
of egg for here because we teach him
well the things that we do not
We dare to say how your pololo arrives and
the parrot says that the teeth are going to
kick
the people who have pets always
it has hairs on clothes and people say
look and I had a hair there had another air
the problem is when I started saying
look and I had a hair and had another today you
dog lets you fill your hair are
millions
I have dogs
It is super bad wave to put your pet
the name of a person as well as saying
the Franciscan is in heat when all
cocoroca
He walks super heated repairing the power
of the world
and the francisca
animal lovers sometimes
we do something that super disgusting
we arrived we took our pet and
we kiss on the mouth like this the past
pellet well we go from our color you
we say with the same
now when dogs bark people
always think that something is barking
earthquake an earthquake
drilling will rain lords
dogs bark communicate they imagine the
people who live next to the warriors
so much the day is going to shake I hear my
model to tremble
there are people when we have pets that
we do something super form and we show
photos of our pets look here
is pooping
here is doing nothing
it's super uncomfortable when it comes to me like
the house of a friend and the dog arrives and
start having sex with your leg
it's super uncomfortable because everyone
he wants that dog and one starts like that
that sympathetic
can you tell him to stop telling you that
I had never done it, nobody feels
super flattered
and then another person arrives the dog goes
and has relationships with the other leg is
as it was not with me it does not dance
what scared the commercial of gary medel that
that is full of pit bull to me gives me
Nice to meet you with medel
I loose what you give me the same
done the powers but they said no
we got it is good if you do not put a
necklace to medel gary
to have a bird is a cruelty because
one has a bird and encloses it and the
only power is to make a bird in flying
11 wright goes over one is bought a
bird thinking that you will sing a
wonderful melody and it's four o'clock
tomorrow starts
or there are people who give them a facebook to their
pet
I do not know what I'm going to make friends with
pet that does not know how to even learn
the computer will not handle your photos
they upload picture in balls he has no idea
there are potatoes that say let's buy a kitten
the child already because the child loves them
the kittens gentlemen to the kittens do not
they love children because children are
Super psycho as well as a kitten catches her
tails
are his whiskers after the spill is
They are hiding and spending
what happened to the poor snob and who
it was without fault and is selling insurance
imagine one
that sure is going to leave you 'charlie
brown 'bully
charge you
because companies always put as a
pet animal
so it's those three monkeys
they are like bacteria
there are people who come to the house of
animals because it hurts you to pick them up and
I looked who had the leg and it's not
that is also those same people enter
I knew leaving the town there is
I was sorry to finish with them
one more night in Africa one can have
the pet you want can have a
lion if you want the only problem is that
you can not treat them like pets like that
like taking matrices
thanks good night